Update Dial Concurrency factor (#2741)
paritytech/rust-libp2p: swarm/CHANGELOG.md

- Extend log message when exceeding inbound negotiating streams with peer ID and limit. See [PR 2716].

> - Update dial address concurrency factor to `8` via `Swarm::dial_concurrency_factor`. See [PR 2741].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update dial address concurrency factor to `8`, thus dialing up to 8 addresses concurrently for a single connection attempt. See `Swarm::dial_concurrency_factor` and [PR 2741].
```
